h1. "Wandering Mountain":http://wandering-mountain-8929.herokuapp.com/

h4.  Status: Closed Beta.  

h3.  Concept

h3. Deployment:

* Heroku cedar stack. "More":https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/cedar.  
* 100% SSL encrypted with Heroku SSL Endpoint. "More":https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/ssl-endpoint.
* All application traffic routed through subdomain-based hostnames. "More":https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/avoiding-naked-domains-dns-arecords.
* Multithreading supported by a "Redis":http://redis.io/ instance.
* Git version control.

h3. Under the hood:

* "Sidekiq":https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq background processing.  Handles multiple jobs concurrently using threads instead of processes for increased efficiency.
* "Sinatra":https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra based web monitor for Sidekiq workers.
* "PostgreSQL":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PostgreSQL object-relational database.
* "Carrierwave":https://github.com/jnicklas/carrierwave and "Fog":https://github.com/fog/fog cloud storage on "Amazon S3 servers":http://aws.amazon.com.
* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise user authentication.
* "Twitter Bootstrap":http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/ front-end framework for CSS styling with added "SASS":http://sass-lang.com/ functionality.  
* "RMagick":https://github.com/rmagick/rmagick image processing.  


h3. Functionality
* Advanced search
* View my projects
* Message board


h4.  Known bugs/issues
* change devise mail options, see railscast

h4.  Wishlist

h4.  Names

building stronger, more vibrant communities

"provide efficient source of capital to small businesses and build stronger, more vibrant communities"
"encourage organization and support of neighborhood small businesses"

* neighborlending.com

I am a business owner, why should I consider Neighbor Lending for financing my next venture or capital project?

- Community involvement in capital raising process mitigates risk
- Lower risk equates to lower cost of financing than you will find from a bank
- Neighbor lending specializes in providing capital to brick and mortar business ventures which historically struggle to get financing from banks
- Financing through debt encourages "ownership" by the community but without sacrificing control of operations from the proprietor
- Resources such as mentorship, networking events, business to business lending opportunities, and advisory services are available to clients
- getting community to be part of capital raising process is promotional as well
- Involvement of the community as your creditors creates marketing agents for your business
- This is a great way to meet your neighbors and proprietors in your community

- Eat from what you grow: take satisfaction in improving the service offerings in your neighborhood!
- Neighbor Lending is a source of capital to small business owners that might otherwise have difficulty raising capital through banks or privately
- Take control of the identity of your neighborhood by endorsing businesses that provide services that are needed in your community
- Bringing more businesses to your neighborhood produces jobs in your neighborhood
- Bringing new businesses and services to your neighborhood improves the attractiveness of your neighborhood which can have a favorable impact on property values